Documentation for KReference.Group feature (#3713)
knative/docs: docs/eventing/experimental-features.md

## Features list

### `KReference.Group` field

**Flag name**: `kreference-group`

**State**: Alpha, disabled by default

> When using the `KReference` type to refer to another Knative resource, you can just specify the API `Group` of the resource, instead of the full `APIVersion`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the `KReference` type to refer to another Knative resource, you can just specify the API `group` of the resource, instead of the full `APIVersion`.
```

> For example, in order to refer to an `InMemoryChannel`, more than using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, in order to refer to an `InMemoryChannel`, instead of using the following spec:
```

```yaml
apiVersion: messaging.knative.dev/v1
kind: InMemoryChannel
name: my-channel
```

> You can use instead:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the following:
```

```yaml
group: messaging.knative.dev
kind: InMemoryChannel
name: my-channel
```

> Thanks to this feature you can let Knative resolve the full `APIVersion` and further upgrades/deprecations/removals of the referred CRD won't affect your resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this feature you can allow Knative to resolve the full `APIVersion` and further upgrades, deprecations, and removals of the referred CRD without affecting existing resources.
```

> Note: At the moment this feature is implemented only for `Subscription.Spec.Subscriber.Ref`, in future other usages of `KReference` will support it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! note
    At the moment this feature is implemented only for `Subscription.Spec.Subscriber.Ref`.
```

We tend not to mention future plans as best practice in docs

Author: There is a plan to follow for this feature which includes using that field pretty much everywhere in our apis... I do wonder, maybe should I link the issue somewhere here in the docs?

Reviewer: @slinkydeveloper please open docs issues for any future additions so we can track it and make sure it gets added rather than mentioning it here 🙂

Author: I meant adding a link here in this paragraph, let me add it so you see what i mean

Reviewer: Oh, I see. No, please don't link to upcoming issues in the docs, it's the same really as mentioning future plans and we should avoid that.

Author: Check it out now

## Features list

### `KReference.Group` field

**Flag name**: `kreference-group`

**State**: Alpha, disabled by default

> **Tracking issue**: https://github.com/knative/eventing/issues/5086

Reviewer: If the feature is implemented as it's documented for now I don't think there's a need to add this. If it's not implemented, the docs shouldn't be added until it is.

Author: But this is an experimental feature, that is a feature which development is ongoing. Hence, to me it seems reasonable to link where the development is tracked. As an example, the Rust community does the same: https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/alloc/struct.Layout.html#method.for_value_raw

Reviewer: OK
